Guidelines/design-guidelines.md, before:

## Design Guidelines for UI Contribution
The following is the styleguide that will be followed throughout the project:
<img  width="100%" src="https://github.com/UdacityMobileWebScholarship/udabot/blob/master/Guidelines/udabot-styleguide.png" />

### Important Points To Note
1. Please read the (contributing guide)[https://github.com/UdacityMobileWebScholarship/udabot/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md] to start with the UI contribution.

2. For the icons, Font Awesome can be used.

3. There are no fixed dimensions for the elements in the project as those will be determined by the relative sizes of the screen. Please make sure these sizes adapts to different screen sizes including mobile screens and also the layout changes accordingly for mobiles. 

4. Refer to the below screens for the UI that needs to be built.

***

### Landing Screen

![Landing Screen](https://github.com/UdacityMobileWebScholarship/udabot/blob/master/Guidelines/Screen1.jpg)



### Conversation Flow Screen

![Conversation Flow Screen](https://github.com/UdacityMobileWebScholarship/udabot/blob/master/Guidelines/Screen2.jpg) 



### Conversation Flow Screen- Recommended Courses

![Conversation Flow Screen- Recommended Courses](https://github.com/UdacityMobileWebScholarship/udabot/blob/master/Guidelines/Screen3.jpg)



### Pinned Screen

![Pinned Screen](https://github.com/UdacityMobileWebScholarship/udabot/blob/master/Guidelines/Screen4.jpg)



Click on the images to open it on a new tab.

Commit message:

Adding and modifying points to design-guidelines.md (#9)
* Adding and modifying points to design-guidelines.md

* Modify formatting for contributing guide with link

Guidelines/design-guidelines.md, after:

## Design Guidelines for UI Contribution
The following styleguide will be followed throughout the project:
<img  width="100%" src="https://github.com/UdacityMobileWebScholarship/udabot/blob/master/Guidelines/udabot-styleguide.png" />

### Important Points To Note
1. Please read the [contributing guide](https://github.com/UdacityMobileWebScholarship/udabot/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to start with the UI contribution.

2. For icons, following can be used:
    * [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/get-started)
    * [Material Icons](https://google.github.io/material-design-icons/)

3. There are no fixed dimensions for the elements in the project as those will be determined by the relative sizes of the screen. Please make sure these sizes adapt to different screen sizes including desktop, tablet, mobile screens and also the layout changes accordingly for each. 

4. Responsive design can be implemented by using any of the following techniques:
   * [Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/) and [Media Queries](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_rwd_mediaqueries.asp). (The most vanilla way to achieve responsiveness and highly recommended)
   * Use of [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/) classes from Boostrap framework. (Use of .row, .col-lg-6, .col-md-6, .col-sm-6, .col-xs-6) Bootstrap classes can be taken from the official bootstrap.min.css file for achieving a smaller sized .css file for building responsive design and excluding extra unnecessary classes which will not be used for the project.

5. The main principle while following responsive design is to look at the content and typography. Remember to set break points for media queries according to the **content size** and **typography** used for the website and not according to different **device screen sizes** only.

6. Using shadows for **cards**, **text** and **chat** bubbles can be used with proper consistency to give a more pronounced effect. Ultimate design for the site focusses on using some traits of Material Design alongwith custom designs.

7. By adhering to above points, please refer to the below screens for the UI that needs to be built.

***

### Landing Screen

![Landing Screen](https://github.com/UdacityMobileWebScholarship/udabot/blob/master/Guidelines/Screen1.jpg)



### Conversation Flow Screen

![Conversation Flow Screen](https://github.com/UdacityMobileWebScholarship/udabot/blob/master/Guidelines/Screen2.jpg) 



### Conversation Flow Screen- Recommended Courses

![Conversation Flow Screen- Recommended Courses](https://github.com/UdacityMobileWebScholarship/udabot/blob/master/Guidelines/Screen3.jpg)



### Pinned Screen

![Pinned Screen](https://github.com/UdacityMobileWebScholarship/udabot/blob/master/Guidelines/Screen4.jpg)



Click on the images to open it on a new tab.
